---
layout: post
title: About Me
---

Hi, I'm Aggie '23, and this is my **first post**.
<li>
  Major: English
  Hometown: Dallas, TX
</li>

[This is a website that I go on frequently.](https://www.geoguessr.com)


# About Me: On-Campus Work Experience

I will be discussing a few jobs that I've had on campus since starting at Texas A&M. My positions include:

1. News and Life & Arts Reporter at The Battalion
2. Life & Arts and Arts Critcism Editor at The Battalion
3. English Teaching Assistant in College of Engineering 

# News and Life & Arts Reporter

In my freshman year, specifically the spring of 2020, I joined staff as a reporter for The Battalion. I brainstormed story ideas at the beginning of each week, and my editors would select 1-2 for me to write about for the week. For each story, I did research about the organization and/or event of focus in order to draft relevant interview questions. I would then write the stories beforing turning them in to my editors, addressing any necessary edits, before the official deadline.

## Experience

Because I joined staff the semester that COVID-19 hit, many of the articles I wrote were centered around recent updates from the university or how students were adjusting to the abrupt transition online. I worked as a reporter for The Battalion up until May 2021, and especially in my first semester, the Battalion was never low on content. 

# Life & Arts and Arts Criticism Editor

After having worked as a reporter for a year, I was offered a position to become the life & arts as well as arts criticism desk editors in the spring of 2021. Although I still wrote articles for the newspaper, I now also revised each of the writers' stories from every desk before publication. Specifically within my own two desks, I assigned each writer a certain story for the week, I was also responsible for training new staff writers.

## Experience

This position as editor was also a student internship. Although I already had experience in writing, through this opportunity, I was able to learn about the behind-the-scenes process of publication. I attended editorial trainings and worked 8-hour print production shifts each week to select, format, and edit stories on the newspaper.

The Battalion also posts video updates on their YouTube channel. Here is one of an overview of College Station during a snow week:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/UH-gpyZ2Sfc" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

# English Teaching Assistant

Starting this semester, fall of 2021, I am working as a technical English teaching assistant for Computer-Aided Manufacturing in the College of Engineering. My responsibilities include hosting office hours, grading reports, and working directly with the professor to help with course material, such as developing report rubrics.

## Experience

This is still a fairly new position for me, but I do appreciate the teaching and technical experience when working with students outside of my own department. Each week, I grade engineering student reports and providing feedback to help them each improve in their writing.
